Jerret Schlosser

This lab was wacky. It was about making a library of functions that could be called, much like a calculator. After making the functions we needed to make our own tests to show they work. This was different from the lab doc. It didn't really explain that we were making our own tests it was quite confusing.

My approach to this lab was simple. I made a function then printed out the output and checked it was correct by hand, then I ran the code to check that it worked correctly. If I were to do this lab again, I would do the tests differently. At first, I kept trying to find the value of something from the function instead of just saying if the function equals another then it is true. So I spent a lot of time and coding in the wrong place at first. I didn't work with another student, but I did ask many ta's for help. They pretty much went over my code and pointed out how I point something in slightly incorrectly. The work with them was insanely helpful and actually made me feel so good about the lab.

I spent probably around 18 or more hours on this lab. It was a worthwhile lab because I was able to learn a lot about the programming language. I think the lab was overall good structured, but it did need some work. First, I think what is required of the lab is left to open ended in the lab doc. When I first read the doc I though I just needed to write out Passed 2/2. Only after asking a bunch of people in the discord did I finally understand what was required. Second, there seemed to be a lot mistakes throughout the doc. In many examples there would be the wrong variable being referenced. The examples also weren't very in depth. I only felt comfortable about this class because I took both linear algebra and math 23 so without that or if you took it awhile ago it would be so hard. That is just my take on it though.