Jerret Schlosser

This lab was very focused on using the board in order to do seperate things. I think the most important aspects of this lab was understaing all of our functions and what we could do with them. I think this is the lab that is best represented by its doc.

My approach for this lab was following the doc and doing the step by step approach that it suggested. It was very helpful. I started off by reading the lab and then going to sections. The part that went wrong was the adc and the isr. I was very stuck at first and didn't understand where to start at all. What worked most well was actually the oled oven update. I was able to do that whole function in about 1 hour with barely any issues. If I did this lab again, I would do the exact same technique. The ta's were super useful this time. All the pseudo code wasn't too much of a giveaway, and it really guided me well. The discord general help was also really nice.

In the end, it turned out really well. Everything worked with barely any bugs and when I had a bug it was easily solved. I spent the least amount of time on this lab, probably around 10 hours. With all the functions pre-declared I felt as if I was actually learning rather than just scrambling around the whole time. I really liked how physical this lab was and how logical. It felt like I could solve most my issues by myself instead of needing the ta's like every other lab. Overall I think it was very worthwhile. I don't think you actually need to change this one. I think the doc did cover everything really well. I do think you need more examples of the lab in the lecture.