Jerret Schlosser

This lab was about the stack. We needed to fully understand the stack and how to interact with it in order to do anything in the lab. I think the lab manual shows this well, but maybe it could show it better. I also think that logic was a huge part of this lab even though it didn't seem like it. The manual really doesn't reflect this part because I spent a long time on the logic. 

My approach to this lab was staight forward. I started off by reading the lab doc about 3 times front to back, and then I asked a ta where to start. After I did that I started at the simpliest functions and worked up from there. So I started at the stack.c then went to the rpn.c and then both harness and then overall debugging. I felt like this really helped me understand what functions I could call where, so then I didn't waste time programming stuff that I already had a function made to do the same thing. As I went through the hardest was definitly understanding how to check all the tokens for the evaluate. This really took me a long time. I would probably approach the lab the same way though if I had to. This lab I spent a lot of time in section and talking asking about logic to kids in the discord. It really helped me from going down rabbit holes of bad programming. Without the others I would have never finished this lab in time, because I would have put so much time in useless code. 

In the end, I think my lab turned out ok. I feel in my gut that there is going to be errors, which is sad because I put about 24 hours into the lab. With this lab, I really disliked all of it. I was so confused about just where to start for like 4 hours. So overall it was extremely frustrating and tiring. The hardest parts was really just understand what was wanted and how to execute it. I think the lab manual didn't cover enough of it. It really didn't explain where to start at all or any of the useful information like the struct. It definitly wasn't enough to start off. I think the best way to help teach this is by showing exmples of pretty much doing the lab, because the way we have it where the lab is like a big rubics cube makes it super hard to learn. I spend more time looking for minute errors in logic than I do actually understanding what I'm typing. So if the labs were more so like follow these steps and it will work, then I would learn much better.