Jerret Schlosser

This lab was about learning how to use the board and program it. The most important aspect of this lab is the intercepts that were used in order to change the output on the board. 

My approach to the lab was to go one part at a time. This worked well except that as you got closer to part 5 the lab doc helped less and less and it was impossible for me to do part 4 or 5 without help from the ta's. If I were to attempt this lab again, I would start by just going to ta sections every single day and beg them to explain everything to me, because without them it is almost impossible to understand anything. I worked with other students and ta's by asking them questions about logic. Without everyone else this lab is beyond impossible and I wouldn't have been able to get past part 2.

The results of my lab were ok. I couldn't tell if they were exactly what was required but from my angle it seemed correct. I spent 40 hours on this lab. I disliked every minute of it. I feel like I learned almost nothing from this lab. With 5 parts there was so much going on I could barely keep track of everything I learned. I have many suggestions to fix this lab. First of all, why are there five parts. Why make it a 40+ hour lab, when that doesn't help anyone learn. I forgot almost everything I did in part one because of how long the lab is. It also puts a huge amount of stress on us. I stayed up till 2 to 4 am every night for a week trying to finish this lab, but then I couldn't even finish it without the ta's telling me how to do it. If you really wanted us to learn this then give us time to just focus on one part, or give us a doc that actually explains what to do in the later parts. The doc is so confusing to us when we are all barely learning this. You guys should take this doc to just a common person and see if they can get the idea of what it even wants. Because after readding it a total of 10 times I still don't undertand what the doc wants me to write. You guys  expect so much of us when we are all just barely learning this, like this is supposed to be a class where you teach. Not a class I sign up for in order to feel stressed in tired hoping that I can pass so I never have to take the clas again. I love school and this lab has made me so annoyed with this class to the point where I just don't want to learn it. I have never felt that way about a class before so something is wrong with this lab that you need to fix. The lab manual didn't cover it enough at all. The only thing that helped me was Chris Ocon. You need to give him a raise because he is the teacher in this class. The lectures haven't once helped me with the lab or learning C at all.